MODULE1:WHAT IS CODE?
WHAT_IS_CODE_REFLECTION
1. In your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard? (150 words max)
      The computer constantly scans to see which keys are pressed down. When type a letter on a keyboard, the key will sends
      a scancode to the computer. The computer interprets the scancode and pass it to interior, then search for which key is
      that corresponding to and put it on the screen.

2. In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences? (250 words max)
      The computer responds and changes base on the input and generates the output to users. Things are base on how users put
      in the input and want users want to get for the output. The changes are made by the users and then output by the computer.

3. Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” (150 words max)
      Because free software-based systems began to nibble, then devour the server market, and free-to-use Web-based applications
      like Google Apps began to serve as viable replacements for desktop software. We keep generating more data which requires more
      programming that people have to come up with new categories of infinitely reproducible nothings to handle what happened with the last batch.

4. Explain in your own words how code becomes software. (150 words max)
      The software transform code into machine language that can make a computing device to work whatever need to do.
      Code turns into a explicit list of instructions that can be carried out by interconnected logic gates which turns code into
      something that can be executed which is software.

5. Explain “algorithms” in your own words. (150 words max)
      "Algorithms" are the logic of a programming language or software to solves a problem. Algorithm can be translated into functions when software is executed.
      Algorithm is relates to the way to process of data and the storing data. It is encoding, naming, and organizing by programming languages.

6. Explain the DRY principle. (100 words max)
      The DRY principle, for Don't Repeat Yourself, is one of the colloquial tenets of programming. It is name things once, do things once, create a function once,
      and let the computer repeat itself.

7. In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? (100 words max)
      Object-oriented programming is a filing system for code. programming based on the concept of "objects."

8. In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. (100 Words max)
      Data is a given to the systems that Coding is to sort the data. Coding manages and analysts data. Data given code to use function and method to solve problems.

9. What is a framework? (150 words max)
      Framework is a platform for developing software applications. It is a construct that solves problems and built by people.

10. What is debugging? (150 words max)
      Debugging is to figure out and fix the problem in the code. It is the process to identify and remove errors from the programming.

11. Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to code? (500 words max)
      I want to learn how to code because it fun to create new feature and code what I want to do. I enjoy the process of solving problems.
